the festive spirit of the Spanish has no limits and we do not say it
only for the one we just saw but for this curious way that they are going to
see below to raise in February thinking about spending the money on
August and the Valencians of step will thank you can breakfast believe it
fritters on Sundays without even taking off their sneakers
have adopted
almost half
They are freshly made by the festeros of Maria's court for the neighbors
from the Valencian town of Llíria they are sweetened by the mornings of
Sundays and in passing this brotherhood raises funds for the feast of the
very pure
the bankers
on the other hand the norwegian wood
the base of operations next to the parish
from here the festeros begin their Sunday cast
the car beeps announce the arrival of firefighters
It would be an honor
the hole that's why no one for a fraud braking we had warned you to do
more than 30 years that the festeros started the idea of ​​cooking
very good to get funds for the August party
Of course in this work they are not alone because the firemen pledged their
Sundays in the elaboration of this sweet that here becomes reality of
pumpkin
new law colonies
I want to praise
On average, about 2000 buñuelos are cooked every Sunday
the secret is in kneading all its ingredients well for now as much or
least until the quebec pasta orué
and of course this day
pretty good
about ten minutes without stopping to patiently move a mixture made from
hurricane data is used
tempered water and previously boiled pumpkins is worth it now we carry what
would be the basis for doing away with the lack of money
is convinced to have started this process
why then one of them two and that hour for example is more
interested in doing nothing and what he is doing
we wanted to do
globally it adds
here thrown and call the archer forms the mass
they say that the good donut is the one that fits the hand with one molds and with the
another one throws the frying pan where the well hot fite receives the dough
vicente concha have been volunteering for ten years asking for flights with Sunday
after Sunday
that's why the Valencian and those of money
for the parties look like the two young
the pan to the trays and here to the bags almost always by the dozen
if they also take them home and accompanied them with a good chocolate
hot they have already done on sunday
starbucks corp